feat(lsp): allow passing custom list handler to LSP functions that return lists (#19213)
neovim/neovim: runtime/doc/lsp.txt

For the format of the notification message, see:
    https://microsoft.github.io/language-server-protocol/specifications/specification-current/#notificationMessage

                                                                *on-list-handler*

> on_list handler accepts single parameter options which can be passed directly
> to vim.fn.setqflist or vim.fn.setloclist. E.g.:

Reviewer: I think instead of telling users what they can do with the payload it should first elaborate what's part of the payload. E.g.:

```suggestion
`on_list` receives a table with:

 - `items` table[], structured like |setqflist-what|
 - `title` string, title for the list.
 - `context` table|nil. `ctx` from |lsp-handler|

This table can be used with vim.fn.setqflist or vim.fn.setloclist. E.g.:
```

  local function on_list(options)
    vim.fn.setqflist({}, ' ', options)
    vim.api.nvim_command('cfirst')
  end

  local bufopts = { noremap=true, silent=true, buffer=bufnr }
  vim.keymap.set('n', '<leader>d', function() vim.lsp.buf.definition{on_list=on_list} end, bufopts)

>   vim.keymap.set('n', '<leader>af', function() vim.lsp.buf.references(nil, {on_list=on_list}) end, bufopts)

Reviewer: Although it might be common to use these functions as part of a keymap, I think mixing them in here adds confusion. I'd limit this to just a function call

Author: Agree here. Changed.

If you prefer loclist do something like this:

  local function on_list(options)
    vim.fn.setloclist(0, {}, ' ', options)
    vim.api.nvim_command('lopen')
  end

> options parameter is table that has title, list and optionally context.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

See suggestion further above
